com/rails/purchaseplatform/fragment/AutionFragment.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.fragment.AutionFragment
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.fragment.AutionFragment$1
com/rails/purchaseplatform/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/rails/purchaseplatform/databinding/FragmentAutionBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.databinding.FragmentAutionBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/databinding/FrmClassicalBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.databinding.FrmClassicalBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/fragment/MsgsubFragment.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.fragment.MsgsubFragment
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.fragment.MsgsubFragment$1
com/rails/purchaseplatform/BuildConfig.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.BuildConfig
com/rails/purchaseplatform/adapter/MsgAdapter.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.adapter.MsgAdapter
com/rails/purchaseplatform/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/MainActivity.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.MainActivity
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.MainActivity$1
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.MainActivity$2
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.MainActivity$3
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.MainActivity$4
com/rails/purchaseplatform/fragment/MineFrm.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.fragment.MineFrm
com/rails/purchaseplatform/databinding/FrmMsgBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.databinding.FrmMsgBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/databinding/ItemAuctionBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.databinding.ItemAuctionBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/databinding/ItemMsgBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.databinding.ItemMsgBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/databinding/FragmentMsgSubBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.databinding.FragmentMsgSubBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/fragment/IndexFrm.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.fragment.IndexFrm
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.fragment.IndexFrm$1
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.fragment.IndexFrm$2
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.fragment.IndexFrm$3
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.fragment.IndexFrm$3$1
com/rails/purchaseplatform/databinding/FrmMineBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.databinding.FrmMineBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/fragment/MallFrm.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.fragment.MallFrm
com/rails/purchaseplatform/adapter/AuctionAdapter.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.adapter.AuctionAdapter
com/rails/purchaseplatform/fragment/MsgFrm.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.fragment.MsgFrm
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.fragment.MsgFrm$1
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.fragment.MsgFrm$1$1
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.fragment.MsgFrm$1$2
com/rails/purchaseplatform/databinding/FrmMallBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.databinding.FrmMallBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/databinding/FrmIndexBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.databinding.FrmIndexBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/fragment/ClassicalFrm.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.fragment.ClassicalFrm
com/rails/purchaseplatform/databinding/ItemTabBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.databinding.ItemTabBinding
