com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/widget/TitleBar.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.TitleBar
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/databinding/ViewLrLableLayoutBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.databinding.ViewLrLableLayoutBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/widget/BaseCoordinatorLayout.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.BaseCoordinatorLayout
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/databinding/BaseToolbarListBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.databinding.BaseToolbarListBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/widget/SlideViewPager.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.SlideViewPager
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/widget/PageRecyclerView.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.PageRecyclerView
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/widget/BaseViewPager.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.BaseViewPager
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/base/BaseErrorFragment.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.base.BaseErrorFragment
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/BuildConfig.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.BuildConfig
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/databinding/DialogLoadingBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.databinding.DialogLoadingBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/databinding/BaseFragmentListBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.databinding.BaseFragmentListBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/databinding/ViewTitleBarBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.databinding.ViewTitleBarBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/databinding/ViewEmptyBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.databinding.ViewEmptyBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/base/ToolbarActivity.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.base.ToolbarActivity
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.base.ToolbarActivity$1
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.base.ToolbarActivity$2
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/databinding/ToastCenterBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.databinding.ToastCenterBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/databinding/ToastCenterImgBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.databinding.ToastCenterImgBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/ConRoute.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.ConRoute
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.ConRoute$RAILS
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.ConRoute$USER
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/widget/UnslideViewPager.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.UnslideViewPager
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/widget/SpaceGirdWeightDecoration.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.SpaceGirdWeightDecoration
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/widget/BaseSwipeLayout.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.BaseSwipeLayout
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/widget/EmptyView.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.EmptyView
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/widget/LineLayout.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.LineLayout
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/databinding/ListFootLoadingBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.databinding.ListFootLoadingBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/widget/BaseRecyclerView.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.BaseRecyclerView
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.BaseRecyclerView$1
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.BaseRecyclerView$1$1
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.BaseRecyclerView$2
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.BaseRecyclerView$3
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.BaseRecyclerView$4
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.BaseRecyclerView$5
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/adapter/ViewPageAdapter.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.adapter.ViewPageAdapter
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/widget/LrLableLayout.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.LrLableLayout
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/base/LazyFragment.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.base.LazyFragment
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/databinding/BaseToolbarBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.databinding.BaseToolbarBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/databinding/BaseFragmentBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.databinding.BaseFragmentBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/widget/CircleImageView.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.CircleImageView
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/widget/LoadMoreRecyclerView.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.LoadMoreRecyclerView
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.LoadMoreRecyclerView$1
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.LoadMoreRecyclerView$2
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.LoadMoreRecyclerView$AutoLoadAdapter
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.LoadMoreRecyclerView$AutoLoadAdapter$FooterViewHolder
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.widget.LoadMoreRecyclerView$LoadMoreListener
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/databinding/IncludeHeadViewBinding.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.databinding.IncludeHeadViewBinding
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/utils/BindAdapter.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.utils.BindAdapter
com/rails/purchaseplatform/common/utils/ToastUtil.java
 com.rails.purchaseplatform.common.utils.ToastUtil
